Move exactness to heap types (#18)
WebAssembly/custom-descriptors: proposals/custom-descriptors/Overview.md

  | ct:sharecomptype => sub final eps ct
```

### Exact Types

Exact heap types are introduced with a prefix byte:

```

> heaptype :: ... | 0x62 x:u32 => exact x

Reviewer: 0x62 made sense as the next opcode in the `reftype` production. In the `heaptype` production the next available opcode is 0x69. But also we might want to leave the 0x6x range entirely available for future abstract heap types? Perhaps 0x5F would then start a new category for heap types prefixes?

```

> Note that the type index being encoded as a `u32` instead of a `u33`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the type index being encoded as a `u32` instead of an `s33`
```
